if you know your history can you point
to a period in UK history for example
where massively punishing rich people by
massively taxing them has actually
benefited the country listen I can't
really my dad is born in 57 who work for
the Post Office Royal male 35 years
never never once earned more than the
average wage in the country he was able
to buy a house support a family my
parents are retired now they own their
own property their financially secure
that's not possible now he lived in an
era where the top rate of tax was much
much much higher the 50s the 60s the 70s
in the UK in the US the top rate of tax
on larg States was significantly higher
and in that time period it's not a
coincidence Ordinary People could afford
to buy houses they could afford to
listen this is not normal okay read your
history right we Charles Dickens Charles
Dickens in this country we're talking in
right now 150 years ago ordinary
ordinary men and women in Desperate
poverty okay that's going to happen
again